Welcome, Frankie.
Great to be here, very excited.
We have sort of met.
Yeah.
In passing.
Kind of.
Not in a jaunty
little wooden trail.
Not in the woods.
No.
CBS, Radford, all
over the place.
Different places, the Emmys.
Yeah, you did a great job.
And thank you, and
you do a great job
on Malcolm in the Middle.
You're so great.
Thank you so much.
It's a very good show.
Thank you.
Good job.
Now--
[APPLAUSE]
All right, I watched--
you know, have you been
watching Punk'd, the MTV
show that Ashton Kuthcer--
if you don't know what Punk'd
is, it's candid camera.
It's an evil, evil
candid camera.
There's nothing funny.
It's not a talking mailbox.
It's Ashton Kutcher doing
some mean things to people,
and then it's, oh,
you've been punked.
And they punked you.
Yes.
And I thought you
handled it so well,
because they took your car.
Yeah, they took one of my cars.
And my cars are
my life, you know?
That's all I care about.
And, you know, I
seriously thought
I was going for a
meeting to learn.
You know, they were going to
tell me about this movie idea
that they had.
And I go out, and
my car is gone.
And you know, they cut it
down to like five minutes.
But I was actually really
cool for the first 45
minutes outside, until I
talked to the guy on the phone.
Because I left my phone
in the car accidentally.
Right.
And then I cursed for the first
time on TV to the valet guy.
It was very exciting.
Yeah.
Well, it's a very nice
car, and I wouldn't even
give it to a valet if
I had a car like that.
Normally, I didn't, but I
was, like, 30 minutes late.
So it was just kind of like,
you know, rush and get in.
And it was just so weird.
But now when I think
back at it, you know,
people were asking
me what kind of car
I was driving that day, like
my managers who set it up
and everything like that.
And, you know, I didn't
think anything of it.
You know, I was
just like, oh yeah,
I'm in my Porsche,
but no big deal.
And got there, and it was--
Now, are you going to--
because sometimes you
punk other people.
Are you going to
punk somebody else?
I am punking people.
I can't say who.
Have you already punked them?
No, but very soon.
I think this weekend or next
weekend I'm going to do it.
Really?
Yeah.
Who is it?
I can't say.
I don't know.
It's going to be fun, though.
I mean, it's going to be scary.
But we'll see what happens.
Yeah, I can't imagine.
I'm scared to death.
I hope they never, ever do that
to me, because I'll just cry.
It'll just be me.
Whatever they, do I'll just cry.
I know that.
I don't know, it's fun.
Really?
It's funny, because out of
all the things I've done,
the show--
I've been on the show
for five years now,
Cody Banks, Big Fat Liar.
I've never been recognized for
something more than Punk'd.
Everyone's like, oh,
you were on Punk'd.
I don't know who you are,
but you were on Punk'd.
That's such an awesome thing.
Yeah.
It's a popular show.
Yeah, it's awesome.
It really is.
Now, you really are.
I was kidding about how
old you are, but you
just-- how old are you now?
I'm turning 18 in 2 weeks.
Really?
Yeah.
[APPLAUSE]
And you got-- you just moved
out of your mom's house?
Yeah, and I live in
my own house now.
Really?
Is it a big house?
It's pretty big.
Yeah?
I don't know.
Are you going to be on Cribs?
Are you going to show
us your house on Cribs?
I want to.
Yeah?
It's weird, because, you know,
I've been there for four months
now.
And I was so excited
when I first moved in,
and I was going, and I decorated
the whole thing on my own.
It was awesome.
And now, I still have boxes and
just stuff all over the place.
And I want to go
through it, and I just--
you know, I start and two
minutes later I'm done.
Oh, so you're not
like a neat freak.
You're not--
Well, I am.
But that's why I'm just
keeping it in the box,
because it's neat in there.
Yeah.
I see.
That's your version of neat.
It's in a box.
It not anywhere on the floor.
It's cool.
And you have-- like,
I love animals.
Everybody knows that.
You have a lot of animals.
Yeah.
What do you have?
I have a dog, which I
just adopted a month ago.
I have a sphynx, which
is a hairless cat.
I have four rats, five
leopard geckos, a millipede.
I'm really bad.
Whenever I go to
Petco or a pet store,
I come out with something.
Wait a minute.
You have a cat and four rats?
Yes.
Yeah.
How long will that last?
Well, you know,
it's been a while.
Do they see each other?
Yeah, whenever I go in
the room, I open the door,
and the cat goes in there.
But the cats really
just like-- you know,
I don't think would
ever hurt them.
But one of my rats got out.
Oh.
Yes, it will.
One of my rats got out, and
it was missing for two weeks.
And it ended up--
I found it, and it was
fine, and it's perfect now,
and the cat didn't touch it.
And it's cool.
You probably just
found a regular rat
and added it to your rats.
It wasn't the same rat.
And you have a very
special dog, too, right?
Yes.
What's the dog?
I adopted a dog from
the Bill Foundation.
And he is an amazing pit bull,
but the sweetest, sweetest dog
in the world.
I adopted him.
He's missing an eye, and he was
abused, and he was really hurt.
But he's the best dog ever.
And he's awesome.
That's great.
And it's called the
Bill Foundation?
Yeah, it's Beverly hills
nonprofit organization
that comes, and they
take in 60 dogs at a time
and train them
and work with them
with people and cats
and other animals.
Yeah, there are pit bulls
that are really sweet dogs.
Awesome dogs.
That's great that you did that.
You got a one-eyed dog.
Yeah.
That's very sweet.
And a millipede-- I'm sure
that's an affectionate pet.
Yeah.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
All right, Malcolm in the
Middle is on Sunday nights
at 9:00 on Fox.
We'll be right back with
Jeff Cosgrove and his three
final bachelorettes.
Thank you, Frankie.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]